README.md, before:

# Generator RRT

## What is this package

This package is a yeoman generator for react + typescript applications.

### Features

- Create a react app with webpack + tslint + typescript + react to make frontend projects.

- Choose between css, scss and css in js for the styles of your app.

- Testing suite with mocha + chai + enzyme and karma.

- Simplicity to add react-router, redux or any package of the ecosystem.

- Create component feature to have a templated component ready fast.

### Future updates


- ~~Add emotion for css in js support.~~

- ~~Implement a create component feature to allow the developers to have a templated component ready fast.~~

- ~~Use Jest instead of karma + mocha + chai.~~

- Add gulp as a task runner instead of npm scripts(maybe).

- Allow the creation of React + Redux + React Router proyects.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Install node.js and npm.
- Install yo package to execute yeoman generators
```
npm i -g yo
```
### Install
```
npm i -g generator-reactt
```

### Usage
```
yo reactt
```

Answer the questions and get your app.

### Scripts

Once you have your application you can use these scripts.

- The start script will allow you to serve your application on a basic express server.
```
npm run start
```
- The clean script will clean the dist folder content with compiler files.
```
npm run clean
```
- The build script will allow you to compile your typescript/css on production mode.
```
npm run build
```
- The serve script will start a webpack-dev-server with hot reloading for development purposes.
```
npm run serve
```
- The test script will start the testing framework and check all files that end on .test.ts
```
npm run test
```
### CLI

The generator accepts the following options.

- Remove the install dependencies step to allow the developer to install manually dependencies.
```
yo reactt --skip-install
```
- Add the name of the project.
```
yo reactt myProject
```

- These two functionalities can be used together.
```
yo reactt myProject --skip-install
```

- Create a new component once your application is ready
```
yo reactt
```
# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

# Authors

**Alejandro** **Urdiales**.

Commit message:

Implement hooks (#3)
* implemented hooks

* removed redundant files

* added eslint and prettier - removed tslint

* added emotion last version

* fixed unused dependencies and removed component creation

* modified readme

* modified readme

README.md, after:

# Generator RRT

## What is this package

This package is a yeoman generator for react + typescript applications.

### Features

- Create a react app with webpack + eslint + prettier + typescript + react to make frontend projects.

- Choose between css, scss and css in js for the styles of your app.

- Testing suite with jest + enzyme.

- Simplicity to add react-router, redux or any package of the ecosystem.

### Future updates

- ~~Add emotion for css in js support.~~

- ~~Implement a create component feature to allow the developers to have a templated component ready fast.~~

- ~~Use Jest instead of karma + mocha + chai.~~

- ~~Add hooks.~~

- Add gulp as a task runner instead of npm scripts(maybe).

- Allow the creation of React + Redux + React Router proyects.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Install node.js and npm.
- Install yo package to execute yeoman generators

```
npm i -g yo
```

### Install

```
npm i -g generator-reactt
```

### Usage

```
yo reactt
```

Answer the questions and get your app.

### Scripts

Once you have your application you can use these scripts.

- The start script will allow you to serve your application on a basic express server.

```
npm run start
```

- The clean script will clean the dist folder content with compiler files.

```
npm run clean
```

- The build script will allow you to compile your typescript/css on production mode.

```
npm run build
```

- The serve script will start a webpack-dev-server with hot reloading for development purposes.

```
npm run serve
```

- The test script will start the testing framework and check all files that end on .test.ts

```
npm run test
```

### CLI

The generator accepts the following options.

- Remove the install dependencies step to allow the developer to install manually dependencies.

```
yo reactt --skip-install
```

- Add the name of the project.

```
yo reactt myProject
```

- These two functionalities can be used together.

```
yo reactt myProject --skip-install
```

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

# Authors

**Alejandro** **Urdiales**.
